Add info transactions (#5531)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-transactions.md

### Mortal and Immortal Extrinsics

> Transactions are usually irreversible once confirmed and added to the blockchain, an immutable

Reviewer: I would say "generally" instead of "usually". In almost all cases, they will be irreversible on Polkadot, and almost certainly once finalized (barring some very unusual stuff which we don't need to go into detail on here).

> ledger of all transactions. This feature ensures network integrity by preventing

Reviewer: Double-spending is a very specific case; I think we can just remove this sentence

[double-spending](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-spending). However, it also means **users

> must exercise caution, as sending funds to the wrong address or wrong amount cannot be rectified

Reviewer: I would change this sentence to "... as mistakes such as sending DOT to the wrong address cannot be reverted."

unless the recipient cooperates.** The permanence of transactions highlights the importance of

> careful verification before sending funds on a blockchain network. It is usually a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
careful verification before signing any transaction on a blockchain network. It is usually a
```

[good practice not to blind sign transactions](../general/transaction-attacks.md) to avoid being
victim of an attack.

> In blockchain terms, irreversible transactions are called **mortal** extrinsics (i.e. valid within a

Reviewer: irreversible is not the same as mortal - mortal extrinsics just mean that the extrinsic itself expires after a certain number of blocks

defined block interval, usually short). However, extrinsics can also be **immortal** (i.e. always
valid). By default and [for security reasons](../general/transaction-attacks.md#replay-attack), all

> extrinsics on {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} will be mortal, but

Reviewer: It is possible to make immortal transactions on both Polkadot and Kusama, unless something has changed recently and I missed it. However, it is HIGHLY recommended not to do so and most wallet software will not allow you to make an immortal extrinsic.

Reviewer: So we should remove the "By default" (since the network itself doesn't do anything by default, it will be the software (i.e. wallets) that interact with it) and explain the above

> always checking before signing is a good practice.

Reviewer: I don't think we should add this unless we tell users _how_ to check if their transaction is mortal or immortal. This will differ with every piece of wallet software, so I'd just remove it.
